Update psammead readme (#791)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/README.md

        format('woff2'), url('https://gel.files.bbci.co.uk/r2.511/BBCReithSerif_W_Md.woff')
        format('woff');
  }
</style>
```

Or if you're using [styled-components](https://styled-components.com), you can use [styled-normalize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-normalize) (`npm install styled-normalize`) and `createGlobalStyle` to [manage global styles as has been done in Simorgh](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/latest/src/app/lib/globalStyles.js).

[See documentation on the Styled Components site](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/tooling#babel-plugin)

**NOTE**: if you run into issues with CSS not being applied to your components, it is likely that there is a duplicate `styled-components` dependency somewhere in your packages. You can try running [`npm dedupe`](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/faqs#duplicated-module-in-node_modules) in most cases, or [`lerna bootstrap --hoist`](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/faqs#usage-with-lerna) in monorepo setups such as Psammead's. Failing that, make sure your application's `styled-components` dependency is the same version as that in Psammead.

## Developing with Psammead

> 1. Find a Psammead component you wish you to use, in your project from the [list of available packages](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find a Psammead component you wish you to use, in your project from the [directory of available packages](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/tree/latest/packages), or by running `npx lerna list` inside the repo.
```
